---
layout: post
title: Introducing Flight BK
---

Flight BK was a personal UI/UX design project, where I tried to figure out how to create a user friendly and intuitive app that helps working adults and 
students alike with finding cheap flights back home. 
My role within this project was to conduct user interviews, create wireframes, create a prototype, and finally conduct a usability testing for the prototype of the app. 

### Painpoints

For this project, I decided to extend my research to cover one aspect which I struggle with, which was booking a flight. As someone with a low income, often times I did not have the sufficient funds nor the capability to plan sophisticated holidays in advance. I always struggled with finding an app or a website that can direct me to the cheapest options available for me. The only possible way was to specify the direction, which can be a struggle when the airport of your choice is offering hundreds of flights. I wanted to research flights based on: 

* Location of the airport that the user will depart from
* Budget

This would allow users to plan a spontaneous trip. 

### User Research

For the user research, I conducted an in-person interview with 3 young professionals, each interview lasting 20 minutes. The base interview questions were as follows:

* What apps do you normally use to book a flight?
* How do you choose the destination?
* How much time does it take for you to plan your holidays?
* What do you struggle with most when booking for flights?
* Is there anything that you find frustrating or difficult that makes booking a flight harder for you?
* Do you prefer using an app or a website when booking a flight?
* Do you print your flight itineraries?
* How would you like to keep your flight details when using an app?
* What is your main purpose of booking a flight?

## Defining User Goals and User Problems

To summarize the interivew, the **user goals** were defined as follows:

* Seeing prices clearly
* Getting cheap flights
* Finding a flight based on budget, and not the destination
* Being able to add more details to the itinerary 
* Travel tips
* Adding flights to a smartphone payment system
* More detailed suggestions upon arrival
* Outline of the destination
* Accessible refund policies 
* Newsletters based on user preferences

The **painpoints** (aka **user problems**) were defined as follows:

### Download

Hyde is developed on and hosted with GitHub. Head to the <a href="https://github.com/poole/hyde">GitHub repository</a> for downloads, bug reports, and features requests.

Thanks!
